The message editor is the input you use when writing a message. It is present in
various places around the platform, such as campaigns, journeys, playbooks, and the inbox.

It provides built-in features that let you enrich messages with dynamic content, images, and links.

Tags are reserved words that you can use to compose a message with dynamic content.
Dynamic content lets you write messages that are unique for each customer profile. It can be used to insert the customer profile's name,
age, birthday, or any other property that you have defined for your business.

### The Anatomy of a Tag

We mentioned that tags are reserved keywords in the editor. Tags are reserved words written between
an opening and closing curly brace. For example, the tag `{full_name}` is a tag that will be replaced with the
full name of the customer profile. Common tags include `{name}`, `{birthday}`, `{first_name}`, `{last_name}`, and `{phone}`.
You are not limited to these tags. You can also target properties defined by your business.

By default, properties are removed from the output when the customer profile does not have the attribute.
For example, if you are targeting a `{company}` property in your message and the customer profile does not have that property,
the word `{company}` is removed from the message sent to that customer profile. If you do not want the property removed, use a default value.

Tags can also have a default value. Default values are useful when you want a fallback
in case the customer profile does not have the attribute you are targeting.
You can provide a default value for a tag by adding a pipe character `|` and the default value before closing the tag.
For example, the tag `{company|friend}` is replaced with the company property assigned to the customer profile. If the
customer profile does not have that property, the default value of `friend` is used.

A valid tag consists of the following

- An opening brace `{`
- A reserved keyword offered by Hellotext or a property type, i.e `company`.
- A closing brace `}`
- Optional values can be provided by using a pipe `|` operator and the fallback value after it.

### Tags and properties

We mentioned that you can also target custom properties in your business in the tags.
You can target the properties by their kind, i.e `text`, `url`, `date`, etc. Or by their name, if the name is set.

A complete list of property kinds

- `age`
- `birthday`
- `company`
- `gender`
- `checkbox`
- `date`
- `text`
- `number`
- `url`

For the properties `age`, `birthday`, `company`, and `gender` you can either target by the kind of the property i.e `company`, or by
the property's name when you have set a custom name for the property.

For the remaining properties, you can target by their kind and their custom name when present. The difference
for these properties is that when you have multiple properties of the same kind,
targeting with the kind becomes ambiguous. For example,
if your business has two `checkbox` properties named `has-logged-In` and `active-in-last-month`,
when targeting the property by its kind `{checkbox}` we will automatically use the first text property with respect to the ordering defined in the audience page.

**TL;DR** use the kind only when there's a single property. Use the property's name when there are multiple properties with the same kind.

### Object tags

Hellotext ships with the most common types of Objects that are suitable for most ecommerce sites. These include
`app`, `product`, `cart`, `order`, `coupon`, `order` and `refund` objects. In addition, you can also create your custom objects,
or modify the existing ones by adding extra properties that are specific to your business's needs.

Similarly to customer profile tags, you can also target the properties of the objects in your tags. The general format of an object tag can be one of the following

1. `{singular_name.property_name}`
2. `{singular_name.property_kind}`
3. `{singular_name.property_id}`

The Singular Name is the name of the object autogenerated when you create a new Object.

For example, given an Appointment custom object, that consists of two properties, `Booked At` and `Room`, you can target the values via

- `{appointment.Booked At}`
- `{appointment.Room}`

When Hellotext detects these tags, it will get the value associated from the object and replace the tag with the value found.

### Naming Rules {#rules}

By default, Hellotext generates property names based on the property type. But, you are free to modify the name to something that makes sense to your business.
When naming properties, you should follow these rules:

- Properties cannot start with a number. For example, `1st-name` is not a valid property name.
- Properties cannot contain curly braces. For example, `{name}` is not a valid property name.
