_i18n/en/captures/instagram-story.md, before:

By using Instagram's Story capture tools, you can create a special SMS protocol link that allows users to subscribe directly to your business without ever leaving Instagram. 

When users click the link, their SMS app will open with a pre-filled opt-in message and phone number. All they have to do is tap *Send* and they'll be subscribed to your business. 

Plus, you can use Instagram stories to offer incentives for joining, such as coupons, discounts on future purchases, and access to exclusive products.

## Create an Instagram Story capture link

To set up an Instagram Story capture link, go to the *Captures* section and click on *New capture method*. Then, select *Instagram Story*. 

If you have phone numbers or short codes associated with your business, you can choose one of these as the number that customers will send the opt-in message to. 

If you don't have a preference or don't have any numbers associated with your business, you can use the default settings and Hellotext will choose the most appropriate number for you. 

You can also customize the pre-filled message that customers will send to subscribe.

### Assigning coupons and journeys

On the next step, you have the option to choose what happens after your customer subscribe. 

By default, a welcome message is sent to the subscriber. 

However, if you have created any coupons, you can choose to include them in the welcome message as an incentive for subscribing. 

Alternatively, you can select a journey that you have created to replace the default welcome message. 

This journey will be sent to the subscriber instead of the default message.

### Share the link

Move to the last step and copy the link given.

Share this link on your new Instagram story as you would do with a regular link.

Your customers will be able now to subscribe directly from your Instagram story.

Commit message:

adjust guide for Instagram stories

_i18n/en/captures/instagram-story.md, after:

By using Instagram's Story capture tools, you can create a special SMS or WhatsApp protocol link that allows users to subscribe directly to your business, the clicked link will open the default Messages or WhatsApp app on 
your customers' phones, allowing them a one-tap subscription method. Then you can know who and what rate of your subscribers are 
from Instagram.

When users click the link, depending on the configuration you made when creating the capture, either their SMS app or WhatsApp will open with a pre-filled opt-in message and phone number. 
All they have to do is tap *Send* and they'll be subscribed to your business. 

Plus, you can use Instagram stories to offer incentives for joining, such as coupons, discounts on future purchases, and access to exclusive products.

## Create an Instagram Story capture link

To set up an Instagram Story capture link, go to the *Captures* section and click on *New capture method*. Then, select *Instagram Story*. 

### Choose the app you want the link to open
Choose the app you want the link to open once clicked. Available options are _SMS_ or _WhatsApp_. WhatsApp would only be available if you have integrated a WhatsApp account. And go to the next step.

### Choose the phone number and message 

You can choose the phone number that the message would send to,

- If you have selected SMS in the first step, and if you have phone numbers or short codes associated with your business, you can choose one of these as the number that customers will send the opt-in message to.
- If you have selected WhatsApp, SMS channels you own won't be shown, only integrated WhatsApp phone numbers to your connected WhatsApp Business Account(WABA).

If you don't have a preference or don't have any numbers associated with your business, you can use the default settings and Hellotext will choose the most appropriate number for you. 

You can also customize the pre-filled message that customers will send to subscribe, you are free to adjust the message to your liking.

### Assigning coupons and journeys

On the next step, you have the option to choose what happens after your customer subscribe. 

By default, a welcome message is sent to the subscriber. 

However, if you have created any coupons, you can choose to include them in the welcome message as an incentive for subscribing. 

Alternatively, you can select a journey that you have created to replace the default welcome message. 

This journey will be sent to the subscriber instead of the default message.

### Share the link

Move to the last step and copy the link given.

Share this link on your new Instagram story as you would do with a regular link.

Your customers will be able now to subscribe directly from your Instagram story.

### Share on Instagram {#howto-share-instagram}

Use the Link sticker to add a link to your Instagram story. When people tap on the sticker, they’ll be redirected.

To add a Link sticker

1. Capture or upload content to your story
2. Select the sticker tool from the top navigation bar
3. Tap the “Link” sticker, here you should paste the shareable link for the created Instagram Story
4. Place the sticker on your story, do any other modifications needed.
5. Publish your story
